Update hints and solutions (#295)
acend/helm-basics-training: content/en/docs/05/_index.md

#### YAML

> YAML has some strict formatting rules. Check if all files conform to these rules. There is a bad formatting in the ingress.yaml resource Template.
> Use the `helm template -s templates/ingress.yaml . --debug | cat -n -` command to render the ingress template. Be aware that the first two lines (`---` YAML directive marker and the `# Source: error-chart/templates/ingress.yaml` YAML comment are not counted)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
YAML has some strict formatting rules. Check if all files conform to these rules. There is a bad formatting in the `ingress.yaml` template.
Use the `helm template -s templates/ingress.yaml . --debug | cat -n -` command to render the ingress template. Be aware that the first two lines (`---` YAML directive marker and the `# Source: error-chart/templates/ingress.yaml` YAML comment are not considered).
```

  error converting YAML to JSON: yaml: line 15: found character that cannot start any token
```

"found character that cannot start any token" probably doesn't ring a bell so we try to find out what's wrong with line 15 in file `templates/ingress.yaml`. Beware that line 15 corresponds to line 15 of the rendered file!

> If you want to know what is online 15 in the rendered file, you can execute following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to know what is on line 15 in the rendered file, you can execute the following command:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```
